DEVELOPER NAME: SIRI CHANDANA PALLAPU

APP DESCRIPTION: 

Our program helps patients to contact or book on appointment in registered hospitals faster, especially
in emergency cases. This code can be used to create offline application too.
When somebody has to book an appointment in a hospital, our program takes in details from the user
such as the details required for registration and shows the user the nearest hospitals in which they can
go. It also asks if they patient needs ambulance and reports it to hospital. The data the user enters would be transferred into the hospital database 
(which is modeled in MySQL) for required preparations. 


PROJECT DETAILS:

This was a group project under CBSE Grade 12 Computer Science course. Under this project, I lead a team of three in creating a python based application with 
MySQL and MS Excel interface of more than 1000 lines of code, which can serve the purpose of saving lives of those in emergency and other common cases, 
especially during the unavailability of hospital beds in hospitals due to the pandemic, showing the nearest hospitals and places available.

CONTRIBUTION: 
- Leading the project
- Establishing the interface between Python, MS Excel and MySQL and all the related code. 
- Reconstructing, rewriting and compiling the entire raw code into the final working code. 
- Working on GUI elements of the code. 


NOTE:

The code shown in the repository is the back-end. Front-end has been developed only to an extent and has potential to be developed further into an actual app as required. 

EXECUTION ORDER OF THE FILES IN THE REPOSITORY: 

Computer Software Requirements: Python, MySQL, MyExcel

This project contains mutliple files which are needed to be executed in order.  
Most of them are connected, but in case they don't progress forward, the following order can be used.
As a backend code, the execution will be automatic and smoother when embedded into the actual user-interface app. 


Execution order:

Part1

Part2
(Part 2 is emergency
PArt2a is non emergency
part2b is covid19
part2c is other)

chosehospital

form

ambulance

lastpage

mysql and excel code will be executed automatically as per the embedded code in previous files. 



EXECUTION SAMPLE SCREENSHOTS

A word file of the original project report, explaning more about how the code works with screenshots towards the end of the report, is attached in the repository. 
